are you actually happy with how your
life's turned out well she'll not be
what do you know about this recall place
stay away from now Oh mr. to mine
welcome to recall first time tell us
your fantasy will give you the memory
want to be the crime fighter or
world-class athlete our secret agent
yeah Happy Trails man what is it what's
wrong yang de needle out before it takes
why
so a mistake nobody
Oh
are you trying to kill me you memory was
erased your mind was implanted with a
life you think you've lived on by the
way you haven't even begun to see me
trying to kill you good fun lets you see
you everywhere
I'd love me then who the hell am I you
don't have the most reliable of memories
to you
you